---
title: "UFC320"
date: 2025-10-04
---

I love October.

For the main event, I'm kinda sticking with the same analysis I had as last time. I'm rolling with Poatan by KO but probably most likely is Magomed getting another decision. 
Merab and Corey is a curious case. Everytime I watch tape on Merab, I end up picking against him. He's sloppy and gets hit a lot. He's won fights he's actually lost and I think it really just comes down to optics in a lot of his victories. I don't have a ton of confidence in Corey to get a victory but he can. Either by sub or KO. Merab has lost by both during the fights and came back to win. 
I'm going with Khalil to get a victory as well... although his mental always worries me... 
---
Results
---
Wow, the main event was short and sweet. Poatan did what I thought he could do but x10. Sometimes he comes out really strong but trails off, this time he kept the heat on Magomed and didn't let him do what he does WHICH IS SO NICE TO SEE. Poatan gets the KO in the first round.

I have to hand it to Merab. Man handling O'Malley is one thing but Cory is another. Both tall and lankey, so that is a commonality.. however, I believe it was the second or third round he fucked Cory up. 10-8 round. Cory never did look the same after that and the fight became a typical Merab fight. Cory really put it to Merab in the first and I think that is the shining example of why I always pick against Merab. But conditioning is always going to prevail when backed by a well rounded skillset and after that 10-8 second round, Cory never bounced back. 

Jiri and Khalil was bananas. Khalil landed some hammers but never cleanly. He did enough to secure two rounds until Jiri went super saiyan in the third and actually put pressure on Jiri. Its funny... so many of these fighters spend so much time trying to dictate the range because that's really their primary defense. But when it comes to actually putting pressure on their opponent when it is required of them, they don't do it! Guttierez did this in his fight, too. Did nothing for the first two rounds then dominated in the last round when they got the gusto to throw their bungalows. Jiri gets a KO in the third round in a very good and entertaining fight.

Pyfer loses the first round then dominates in the second by submission. Fuck Joe Pyfer. He could very well be one of the dumbest people on planet earth. Spewing right wing propaganda but he has no idea why or what he is saying. He wants to be a manly man tough guy and show no weaknesses while at the same time crying about his tough childhood in every fucking interview. Then he is talking about turning off body cameras and a bunch of other racist shit .. then he apologizes in the post fight press conference and says "I'm sorry, I just love my country." What? No you don't. I swear these republicans think its fucking 1860. Its just embarrassing, low IQ shit. Can you imagine actually watching the UFC with anyone who is a respectable and contributing member of society with a healthy social circle? UFC will never be a main stream sport. It will stay popular with white males 18-35 and it will skew on the single, younger ones. It starts to fall apart once we grow up and have girlfriends that respect themselves. The rest are secluded, lonely men with jobs that require a white pickup or a semi. No one to challenge their world view. Joe Pyfer embodies that and is a stupid individual. 

Fairly good card. Enjoyed it. Fuck Joe Rogan. 
