---
title: "UFC 321 - Post Fight Rant"
date: 2025-10-29
---

WHAT THE FUCK?!

UFC 321... the main event ends in an eye poke between two of the "best heavyweights" in MMA today. If we look back 200 events before that—Sat, Oct 23, 2010, UFC 121—we had Cain Velasquez beating the absolute shit out of Brock Lesnar. If I were Dana White and the UFC, I'd be fucking appalled at the current heavyweight division. What a waste. There is no one to blame except the UFC and the athletic commissions. DO FUCKING BETTER! Fire Jeff Novitzky and get some roided-up heavyweights from KSW. Make some major signings for heavyweights and pay them money. Get this division back on track.

Dana White reveres heavyweights and knows the fans do as well. He has long said that everyone, especially men, want to be the heavyweight champion of the world. It's the ultimate pinnacle of athletic achievements. But instead we have a main event that ends in fucking EYE POKES? I remember around 2014 when almost every main event would fall out due to injuries—but this eye-poke plague is far worse. Solve the goddamn problem, UFC. Change the glove; Pride gloves were great. Then put pressure on the athletic commissions to do something about refereeing. Take a fucking point! Points are there to be given AND to be taken away. Otherwise, introduce yellow cards. Get rid of intentional vs. unintentional—it's an absolutely stupid fucking concept. Figure out a warning system in the cage that works; use the replay. We have the goddamn technology to make this quick, efficient, and impactful.

Heavyweight MMA used to be incredibly entertaining with multiple organizations holding a roster of solid heavyweights. Now we have out-of-shape heavyweights with 4-0 records barely looking impressive and getting handed UFC contracts through Dana White's Contender Series.

Cut the shit, Dana White, and do your fucking job. Take a breather from the godforsaken Power Slap, your terrible energy drink, your dinners with Donald Trump to talk about Rocky movies, hanging out with "Shake Turkey," and tell the company you're president of to quit making a mockery of the 'sport' you've monopolized. Get it together.
