---
title: "Airzooka"
date: 2025-02-04
---

I've hit 49,000 subscribers on YouTube as of February 3rd, 2025. The Nazis have backed off a bit now that the Bryce Mitchell news has subsided.

DDP vs. Strickland 2 is this weekend, and despite the first fight being decently close with DDP getting the nod, I don't see the rematch being much different. If anything, I expect DDP to do even better.

Dricus is a bruiser; he's that Street Shark on Rollerblades. I think Strickland can certainly win if he can switch a few things up, but it would have to involve significantly more damage, completely avoiding the ground game, and maybe even getting a takedown of his own. The reason I say this is because even though DDP has the style of a giant boulder falling down a rocky mountain, he has optics on his side. If you land one punch, he'll swing 2 or 3, and it doesn't matter if they land or not. He'll get into ugly exchanges, he'll land nothing but get one leg kick in. And when the timing is right, he'll secure a takedown. He does just enough to convince the judges he's winning. Optics. If Dricus doesn't get a finish, he'll simply win on optics.

So my pick is DDP, I'll say by decision. I think Strickland has respectable skills, but the way he follows his opponents, doesn't throw with authority, and rarely uses his takedowns effectively, I just see him getting DDP'd.

Nothing thrilling with this analysis.

In other news, I have made these two GIFs of Dana White that I sourced from his classic Vlogs. If they float around the internet, it's because I did that. Just like Dana talking to Protesters, Rogan squashing Beef with Rampage, and Dana roasting Urijah Faber for flexing. These aren't videos I made; they've lived on the internet for quite some time. But the reason they exploded is because I resurfaced them. Check the posts.

<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Iframes Side by Side</title>
    <style>
        .iframe-container {
            display: flex;
            justify-content: space-around;
        }
        .giphy-embed {
            margin: 0 10px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="iframe-container">
        <iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/BFmi7qwoeHlmEoK3wC" width="384" height="480" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
        <iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/GTzhzrY6HLjOmf5qXb" width="384" height="480" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
    </div>
</body>
</html>


- Matlock

